= Lab 3

TLS is used to encapsulate HTTP, making HTTPS. The goal of HTTPS is to prevent
web traffic from passing over the network unencrypted. In this lab we will look
at encrypted HTTPS packets via Wireshark and then set up the Fiddler web proxy
to transparently decrypt HTTPS traffic and view the results.

== Using Wireshark to View Enrypted Web Traffic

Start up Wireshark, select the interface that you are using (Wi-Fi in my case),
and put in a capture filter for port 443:

image::capture-filter.png[]

Now with Wireshark open and capturing packets, open a web browser and go to
https://www.google.com. Take a look at the protocols you captured. Analyze a
few packets and answer the first two questions at the bottom of the lab.

When you are done, you can close Wireshark without saving.

== Using Fiddler to Unencrypt HTTPS Traffic

Download and install Fiddler, you can find it here:
https://www.telerik.com/download/fiddler-everywhere

When Fiddler first starts up, it will ask you to sign in. Feel free to use your
NJIT Google address. It will then make itself the system proxy (meaning most
web browsers on the OS will use it by default) and begin capturing traffic. You
can toggle the Live Traffic capture at the top of the screen.

The real magic of Fiddler is that when you are acting as a proxy, you can
create an HTTPS link between you and the client (assuming they trust your
certificate) and then unencrypt the HTTPS traffic that the client is sending
through you. This can be _very_ useful for debugging web applications.

To set this up, open the Settings (top right) and click on `Trust Root
Certificate`. You will need admin privileges. Basically this is telling your OS
that when negotiating a TLS connection, it should consider anything signed by
that certificate to be perfectly valid. Finally, click on `Capture HTTPS
Traffic` and hit `Save`.

Now if you turn on Live Capture and visit https://www.google.com again in a web
browser you should see a lot more information. Feel free to turn off Live
Capture after you have made that request, there can be a lot of background
traffic.

See if you can find your traffic with https://www.google.com and use it to
answer the last few questions in the lab.

Once you are done you can close Fiddler. If you want to remove Fiddler's
certificate,
https://docs.telerik.com/fiddler-everywhere/knowledge-base/how-to-remove-fiddler-everywhere-certificate-manually[
there are directions here.]

== Questions

[qanda]
Can you see the HTTP traffic in encrypted TLS packets as captured by Wireshark?::
    {empty}
What information _can_ you see about this traffic?::
    {empty}
With Fiddler, can you see the HTTP traffic in an encrypted TLS connection?::
    {empty}
What information can you see with Fiddler that you can't with Wireshark?::
    {empty}
What are the security implications of trusting insecure certificates?::
    {empty}
What is the difference between a packet sniffer and a proxy?::
    {empty}
